VTF monitoring driver (#29293)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

=======

This section provides detailed lists of changes by :ref:`driver <drivers>`.

> * Added the :ref:`vtf_monitoring` driver for battery voltage, temperature, and frequency monitoring.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 

* Added the :ref:`vtf_monitoring` driver for battery voltage, temperature, and frequency monitoring.
```

=======

This section provides detailed lists of changes by :ref:`driver <drivers>`.

> *

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This section provides detailed lists of changes by :ref:`driver <drivers>`.

VTM drivers
-----------

* VTM_MONITORING:

>   * Monitoring system driver for battery voltage, temperature and frequency monitoring has been introduced. This device driver is selected if :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_VTF_MONITORING` is enabled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added the :ref:`vtf_monitoring` driver for battery voltage, temperature, and frequency monitoring.
```
